i
two
so as I are I am lupita
welcome to my channel today
I'm eating this delicious flan of
strawberry so I 'm going to show you how
elaborate
The first thing we are going to do is put
heat our milk are two cups
let's add sugar is a cup
sugar
we are also going to add cinnamon
and let's mix well
I will also add the spoonful of
vanilla
and here we are going to leave until our
milk starts to boil
in two tablespoons of cold water we are going to
put to hydrate
a spoonful of grenetina
let's mix it
and we are going to reserve it
while the grenetine is hydrated and
our milk loose boil me here
in a quarter cup of cold water
I'm going to dissolve 5 tablespoons of starch
strawberry flavor corn
let's remove the cinnamon slices
of our milk
and I already took the microwave oven
grenetina for a few seconds
to dilute it
now I'm going to add it
let's add them
and we are going to mix well so that
integrate
Now let's add the cornstarch or the
cornstarch
and well the 5 tablespoons of starch is the
equivalent to the packet that we bought
in the shop
let's move very well
and here we are going to wait for us
a few minutes a couple of minutes nothing
plus
and we are going to empty our molds
because here we put them in our
molds I forgot to tell you that
down they have the candy we're going to
let cool and will
take to the refrigerator
approximately 4 hours and they are already
I show you finished we had our
flan for approximately 4 hours in the
fridge
and it's ready so we're going to
unmold good as you see I already unmold
here my flan
he is very rich
and remember that you can do it
flavor that you prefer
here we have another
I got six puddings
and I hope that this recipe has
liked do not forget to share the video
subscribe to the channel and we
we see until the next recipe